hello it's 11 GMT that's 1 p.m. in Gaza
which has endured a Mourning of mass
killing from north to south one of the
latest Israeli air strikes has targeted
Gaza City First Responders and displaced
people are among the Dead one strike
killed at least 10 people Palestinians
say the air strikes are deliberately
targeting civilians there's also been
intense Street to Street battles the
Israeli Army says it's engaged in the
heaviest fighting since it began its
ground invasion 5 weeks ago the military
says it's pushing deeper into the
southern city of hunas gaza's second
biggest city imin Kimber begins our
coverage in what's being described as
the heaviest bombardment since Israel's
War Began almost all parts of Gaza are
under attack the north the South and the
central
region ground battles are taking place
around K Yunis in the south isra is says
its troops surround the city gaza's
second largest and are supported by
fighter jets and war
planes desperate Palestinians are
fleeing to Rafa 10 km away many by
foot what is left in Gaza where is the
world how long will this misery last let
the world watch our children lining up
for water we fled from K yunus to Rafa
here here we are in Rafa we do not know
where to go we are sleeping in the
streets the World Health Organization
says the situation is worsening by the
hour in Gaza and the risk of disease is
increasing rapidly due to the lack of
Sanitation we moved to Rafa because of
the heavy bombardment because of my
injury I fainted when we moved to this
school and I was taken to alaxa Mar's
Hospital the doctors told me I have
hepatitis
I'm worried I'll infect my whole family
the United Nations says nowhere in Gaza
can be considered safe not even shelters
flying the UN flag it's not a safe Zone
if it's only free from bombardment as
some zones have not been it's a safe
Zone when you can guarantee the
conditions of food water medicine and
shelter okay now I've seen for myself
these are entirely entirely absent um I
you cannot overstate these are tiny
patches of barren land or their street
corners in Northern Gaza Israel has been
targeting the largest refugee camp
jabalia once again Palestinian media say
civil defense teams are struggling to
rescue people trapped under the
rubble in central Gaza another refugee
camp Al narat has come under attack as
have residential buildings in De El Bala
and Al Zahra with dozens of Palestinians
killed or injured Hamas says ceasefire
talks or discussions about the release
of Israeli captives cannot take place
until the violence
stops there will be no negotiations or
exchange of captives until the
aggression against our people and the
Gaza Strip stops we hold Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu fully responsible for
the lives of the Israeli
hostages 80% of the population that's
almost two million people have been
forced from their homes but soon there
will be nowhere left to go imin Kimber
aljazera and Han Mahmud is joining us
now from RA in southern Gaza and hany
you know those people that are forced
from their homes they're really facing
some impossible choices because where
did they go to they were told to go to
the South where you are and we
understand uh the South has been
experiencing bombardment as
well
yes indeed very difficult situations for
displaced population right now we more
than half of Gaza population have been
displace but within just the past few
minutes we're getting confirmed reports
about more atrocities taking place
overnight and early hours of this
morning and since we're talking about
how people are trying to seek a shelter
Refuge what happened a group of
displaced people in in the at the center
of Gaza City the old Gaza that's the
Eastern side of the western part of the
Gaza City we're trying to evacuate with
the help of civil defense to crew when
they were targeted at least 10 people
were reported killed that's an example
of how unsafe Gaza has become there is
no safey place across the gaser from
north to south even the areas that have
been designated a safe area for people
here are coming under constant heavy
bombardment here in ra the Eastern side
of Ra have been under heavy bombardment
since the first week of the war I'm
talking about an entire neighborhood
that have been under constant uh air air
strikes and artillery Shillings and the
vast majority of those of of residential
homes in that neighborhood the Janina
neighborhood have been destroyed where
people have been forced to move to the
western side of Raab but the tragedy of
all of this that ra is packed now there
are extreme living conditions people
lack the all the nas ities all the basic
supplies in terms of Food Supplies Water
Supplies in terms of a space now ra is
running out of a space it has already
been populated with people and now with
more people are pouring into the city
from KH unun is running for life
particularly the Eastern side of Kan
where the vast majority of people were
forcibly displ under a heavy bombardment
all the way to the center of kanun as of
this report the making of this report we
we' seen scores of people just in this
tiny area next to a Kuwaiti Hospital
people are moving with whatever they
could get their hand on of belongings
some just came walking all of this
distance because they could not take any
of their stuff H unit is becoming under
heavy bombardment similar to what's
going on right now in the northern part
where jabalia was hit at earlier hours
of this
morning fua area and then block two was
under heavy bombardment as as well as
darel balah of early hours of
yesterday's evening we're seeing
atrocities tragedies and more displaced
people but what is common among all of
this is the misery of living the living
conditions are becoming very difficult
and people are are are are having great
deal of uncertainty what's going to
happen this is the last point that they
can be they're displaced too they don't
know where to go after that the only
option they have is the Egyptian border
which uncertain what will happen next
hany and in terms of the reports that
there are Street to Street battles going
on where are those focused primarily and
also what sort of resistance is being
put up by the alasam fighters and other
Palestinian factions on the
[Music]
ground yes the reports were getting from
Gaza City and the northern part that
vast majority of these battles and
confrontation are taking place in a sha
neighborhood where massive number of
Israeli tanks and armored vehicles have
surrounded the neighborhood within the
past two days and had keep pushing
inside the heart of the neighborhood is
a very densely populated area now there
is an Israeli claim that there is a an
entire Kasam Battalion inside the
neighborhood and they are adamant at
destroying it the vast majority of of
the the the residential home in that
area were bombed and completely leev
leveled to the ground in an attempt to
provide more roads to the tanks to push
deeper into a neighborhood as well as in
jabalia a refugee camp fuj and Blu where
it was a heavily bombardment last night
and tanks and armored vehicle were
pushing slowly under the uh the
clearance of the the massive air strike
that destroyed the the large large parts
of the refugee camps we happen to watch
a video by a by United Nations uh uh
officials who were driving at the
surrounding area of the refugee camp and
we could see the sheer amount of of
Destruction shown by the video with
comments coming from people on the car
about the shock that they are having a a
they're having as a result of seeing the
the level of Destruction that that they
will take years uh to come to rebuild uh
the the refugee camp all right thank you
so much H mm reporting from in the Gaza
Street